README.md, before:

# Artemis
[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/artemis-rgb/Artemis/_apis/build/status/Artemis%20Development%20build?repoName=Artemis-RGB%2FArtemis&branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/artemis-rgb/Artemis/_build/latest?definitionId=1&repoName=Artemis-RGB%2FArtemis&branchName=master)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/spoinkynl/Artemis.svg)](https://github.com/SpoinkyNL/Artemis/releases)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-noncommercial-blue.svg)](https://github.com/SpoinkyNL/Artemis/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/SpoinkyNL/Artemis.svg)](https://github.com/SpoinkyNL/Artemis/stargazers)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/392093058352676874?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/S3MVaC9) 
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=VQBAEJYUFLU4J) 

Artemis 2 adds highly configurable support for several games to a range of RGB keyboards, mice and headsets.  
Artemis 1 is no longer supported and Artemis 2 is in active development. This entire readme and all websites/documents refer to Artemis 2. 

### Check out our [Wiki](https://wiki.artemis-rgb.com) and more specifically, the [getting started guide](https://wiki.artemis-rgb.com/en/guides/user).
**Pre-release download**: https://github.com/SpoinkyNL/Artemis/releases (pre-release means your profiles may break at any given time!)  
**Plugin documentation**: https://artemis-rgb.com/docs/

**Please note that even though we have plugins for each brand supported by RGB.NET, they have not been thoroughly tested due to a lack of hardware. If you run into any issues please let us know on Discord.**  
A full list of supported devices can be found on the wiki [here](https://wiki.artemis-rgb.com/en/guides/user/devices).

#### Want to build? Follow these instructions
1. Create a central folder like ```C:\Repos```
2. Clone Artemis into  ```<central folder>\Artemis```
3. Clone Artemis.Plugins [master branch](https://github.com/Artemis-RGB/Artemis.Plugins/tree/master) into ```<central folder>\Artemis.Plugins```
4. Open ```<central folder>\Artemis\src\Artemis.sln``` and build as Debug
5. Open ```<central folder>\Artemis.Plugins\src\Artemis.Plugins.sln``` and build as Debug

##### Alternatively in PowerShell
```
git clone https://github.com/Artemis-RGB/Artemis Artemis
git clone https://github.com/Artemis-RGB/Artemis.Plugins Artemis.Plugins
dotnet build .\Artemis\src\Artemis.sln
dotnet build .\Artemis.Plugins\src\Artemis.Plugins.sln
``` 

For an up-to-date overview of what's currently being worked on, see the [Projects](https://github.com/SpoinkyNL/Artemis/projects) page

## Plugin development
While Artemis 2 is still in development, the plugin API is pretty far along.  
To get started, you can download the Visual Studio extension in the [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=SpoinkyNL.ArtemisTemplates).

This extension provides you with interactive template projects for each type of Artemis 2 plugin.
To use the templates you must have Artemis 2 extracted somewhere on your drive. The plugin wizard will ask you to locate the exectuable in order to setup all the required project references for you.

Due to the volatine nature of the project right now, there is no documentation yet. The templates provide some commentary to get you going and feel free to ask for more help in Discord.

### Third party plugins
A few people have already started working on plugins! If you want your plugins to be added to this list feel free to PR or ask on Discord.
- https://github.com/diogotr7/Artemis.Plugins
- https://github.com/Wibble199/Artemis.Plugins
- https://github.com/F-Lehmann/MyArtemisPlugins
- https://github.com/Cheerpipe/Artemis.Plugins.Public

## Work in progress screenshots
**Note:** Video tutorials and written guides on many of the features displayed below are planned for when Artemis 2 nears feature-completion.

![Surface editor](https://wiki.artemis-rgb.com/screenshots/surface-editor.png)
_The surface editor allows you to recreate your desktop in 2D space, this provides Artemis with spatial awareness and ensures effects scale properly over your different devices. Right clicking a device lets you change its properties such as rotation and scale._

![Keyframes](http://artemis-rgb.com/github/sSEvdAXeTQ.gif)
_With the keyframe engine you can animate almost any property of the layer. In the example above the position and scale of the shape have been animated using keyframes._

For more screenshots check out the wiki: https://wiki.artemis-rgb.com/en/screenshots

### Special thanks
Over the years several companies have supported Artemis by providing both hardware and software, thank you!  
[![Corsair](https://i.imgur.com/UKUdDOy.png)](https://www.corsair.com/) 
[![JetBrains](https://i.imgur.com/JYfXjjB.png)](https://www.jetbrains.com/?from=ArtemisRGB) 
[![Wooting](https://i.imgur.com/Zh3bVza.png)](https://wooting.io/)

Commit message:

Readme - Updated for Avalonia Readme - Fix video

README.md, after:

# Artemis
[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/artemis-rgb/Artemis/_apis/build/status/Artemis%20Development%20build?repoName=Artemis-RGB%2FArtemis&branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/artemis-rgb/Artemis/_build/latest?definitionId=1&repoName=Artemis-RGB%2FArtemis&branchName=master)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/spoinkynl/Artemis.svg)](https://github.com/SpoinkyNL/Artemis/releases)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-noncommercial-blue.svg)](https://github.com/SpoinkyNL/Artemis/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/SpoinkyNL/Artemis.svg)](https://github.com/SpoinkyNL/Artemis/stargazers)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/392093058352676874?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/S3MVaC9) 
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=VQBAEJYUFLU4J) 

Artemis adds highly configurable support for several games to a range of RGB keyboards, mice and headsets. 

### Check out our [Wiki](https://wiki.artemis-rgb.com) and more specifically, the [getting started guide](https://wiki.artemis-rgb.com/en/guides/user).
**Pre-release download**: https://github.com/SpoinkyNL/Artemis/releases (pre-release means your profiles may break at any given time!)  
**Plugin documentation**: https://artemis-rgb.com/docs/

**Please note that even though we have plugins for each brand supported by RGB.NET, they have not been thoroughly tested due to a lack of hardware. If you run into any issues please let us know on Discord.**  
A full list of supported devices can be found on the wiki [here](https://wiki.artemis-rgb.com/en/guides/user/devices).

#### Want to build? Follow these instructions
1. Create a central folder like ```C:\Repos```
2. Clone Artemis into  ```<central folder>\Artemis```
3. Clone Artemis.Plugins [master branch](https://github.com/Artemis-RGB/Artemis.Plugins/tree/master) into ```<central folder>\Artemis.Plugins```
4. Open ```<central folder>\Artemis\src\Artemis.sln``` and build as Debug
5. Open ```<central folder>\Artemis.Plugins\src\Artemis.Plugins.sln``` and build as Debug

##### Alternatively in PowerShell
```
git clone https://github.com/Artemis-RGB/Artemis Artemis
git clone https://github.com/Artemis-RGB/Artemis.Plugins Artemis.Plugins
dotnet build .\Artemis\src\Artemis.sln
dotnet build .\Artemis.Plugins\src\Artemis.Plugins.sln
``` 

For an up-to-date overview of what's currently being worked on, see the [Projects](https://github.com/Artemis-RGB/Artemis/projects?type=classic) page

## Plugin development
While Artemis 2 is still in development, the plugin API is pretty far along.  
To get started, you can download the .NET templates, check out the [Artemis.Plugins.Templates](https://github.com/Artemis-RGB/Artemis.Plugins.Templates) repository.

Due to the volatine nature of the project right now, there is no documentation yet. The templates provide some commentary to get you going and feel free to ask for more help in Discord.

### Third party plugins
A few people have already started working on plugins! We're keeping a list on our wiki  
https://wiki.artemis-rgb.com/en/guides/user/plugins

## Work in progress screenshots
**Note:** Video tutorials and written guides on many of the features displayed below are planned for when Artemis 2 nears feature-completion.

![Surface editor](https://wiki.artemis-rgb.com/screenshots/surface-editor.png)
_The surface editor allows you to recreate your desktop in 2D space, this provides Artemis with spatial awareness and ensures effects scale properly over your different devices. Right clicking a device lets you change its properties such as rotation and scale._

[profile-editor.webm](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8858506/194389752-7cf1b69a-8ee5-478a-a404-0ef08532c28e.webm)

_With the keyframe engine you can animate almost any property of the layer. In the example above the position and scale of the shape have been animated using keyframes._

For more screenshots check out the wiki: https://wiki.artemis-rgb.com/en/screenshots

### Special thanks
Over the years several companies have supported Artemis by providing both hardware and software, thank you!  
[![Corsair](https://i.imgur.com/UKUdDOy.png)](https://www.corsair.com/) 
[![Wooting](https://i.imgur.com/Zh3bVza.png)](https://wooting.io/)
